last time what david in LA I can't
remember anything surprise the shock is
Jason Bourne look at this watch and his
memory in the plane crashed I was
talking to my therapist well your vagina
know about regression Alera p you can
use different triggers and set up
scenarios and bring some memories back
yeah try that so with okay who is the
girl I'll nervous she was beautiful do
you want to see that's good we're on the
right track well that seemed to work
seriously we think we need to do again
okay well what do you want to do next
you know alcohol can stimulate the mind
it's like adrenaline it's an obvious
next step my therapist says oh my god
your therapist enough with your
therapist much you like she does
simplify kara seek for you you show you
to uh no no ok work i'll have you know
the Glenda is very first name paces huh
what have you told my help it's fine how
are you drinking already yeah I started
it I finished so next please all right
look this is for him not you just let's
just start with this what all right this
isn't working I feeling on my throat do
you knock it off you get to try the
jager yet something's missing here and
can you clean that up my mom's coming
over I don't normally get this truck I
just I didn't
yep whatever just stop clean
okay this is great keep going what else
do you see it's like a warehouse I don't
know where it is it's build of like
steel and it's like an airplane hangar
and there's this old guys old beatnik
guy working on a car and she's there
what is she doing I don't know why she's
there she says I'll help
see I told you he's a mean ass to the
secret agent James Bond guy what glenda
you are a princess among men Demi scars
knife wounds bullet would look I haven't
been shot life will be scars anything on
me just asking you know this might be
fun and games to you Randy but do you
understand the implications what you're
saying but it's working you seem pretty
comfortable around guns I don't care
it's not me so stop manipulating this
ship pushing these ideas on me it's not
fair it's not funny it's not true saying
I mean part of the job you know if
you're a secret agent you're all have
guns besides it's America Randy I'm not
playing out your sick fantasy all right
what about a bazooka did you listen to a
word I just said I've never even fired a
gun before I'm just putting on the
pieces together in it looks like i am
not a secret agent
you